feat: add monitoring to the docker image (#1240)
ampproject/amp-toolbox: packages/optimizer-docker/README.md

1. Static configuration via environment variables: On startup, the container will search for environment variables prefixed with `AMP_OPTIMIZER_` and pass the values as configuration options when initializing the underlying optimizer library. The full list of options are available [here](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox/tree/main/packages/optimizer#options). Options should be specified in SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE as opposed to camelCase. For example, in order to configure the `optimizeHeroImages` option, you would declare the environment variable named: `AMP_OPTIMIZER_OPTIMIZE_HERO_IMAGES`.
2. Per-request configuration: there are some options that can only be set on a per-request basis. For example, the `canonical` flag for specifying an AMP page's canonical link. These can be specified via query params, e.g. `/?canonical=http://example.com`.

## Monitoring

> By default, the docker image gather some metrics about the NodeJS process, and the time spent on applying the transformations.

Reviewer: wording nit:
```suggestion
By default, the docker image gathers metrics about the NodeJS process, and the time spent on applying the transformations.
```

> Metrics are exposed to the prometheus format on the `http://localhost:3001/metrics` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are exposed in the prometheus format on the `http://localhost:3001/metrics` endpoint.
```

> A sample dashboard for grafana is available [here](demo/grafana-dashboard.json)

Reviewer: nit: would be good to include links out to grafana, or anything with instructions on how to render the output json
